So we are able to sign users in and go to homescreen, which is wonderful, but now we want to be able
to create a user ourselves.
Right.
Because the idea, of course, is to either log in or create an account in this case, create that user.
All right.
How do we do this?
Well, we are going to do the same thing.
Let's go back to our login screen view model and create yet another function.
In fact, we already did that.
It's at the bottom there.
So let me just close this.
So we have space.
OK, so we are going to do the same thing.
Create user with email and password.
I'm going to pass here email, yellow card and password string type as well.
And of course, just like we did before home and like, that's what this is going to be about lambda
when we invoke it.
All right.
Very good.
So what do we do here?
I'm going to first look at the loading states and say if because we could want to make sure that we
can use that to check if it's loading and we can tell the user that, hey, things are happening in
the back end.
So just hang in, hang in there.
All right.
So I'm going to say loading value is false.
So it's not loading.
If that's the case, then I'm going to set loading that value to true.
To say, now you're loading because we're inside here, right to do work and then I'm going to use auth
our Firebase off object and you invoke the Create user with email and password.
How convenient?
Pass the email and pass the password, and I'm going to say that add on.
Complete listener like this.
Or make it is a dunk.
There is our task, beautiful friend task with Arthur result.
So we the same thing.
Let me change this to task.
All right.
It's easy to spot.
I say if the task is successful, then we're in good hands.
In this case, we just couldn't go home, right?
Go back to our home screen because everything is good and we could put else, of course, here, but
it's fine.
We don't know what else.
We kids just for now, stay logged.
Passing the task.
Sold that to strange like this.
So we need to then say Loading said the value to false.
So yep, we are done loading.
So put back this false, we aren't loading anymore.
All right.
So believe it or not, that's all for now, at least.
So let's go back to our reader log login screen and we have to do there, and let's get rid of this
to do because we've done with that here we are going to do what?
Well, do the same thing.
If you model invoked to create with email and password pass or a password and pass, actually first
email.
And then past the password, such.
And then we know this is we can pass on the trailing lamp, therefore our home sat nav controller,
navigate.
Make sure we get the route option.
This is very important.
Otherwise, you're going to end up errors with the readers.
Screens, I see reader screens.
There we go, that guy in Enam and say reader home screen, that name.
And that's that.
All right, let's see if this is true, this actually works, let's run.
OK.
Moment of truth.
OK, so we are going to sign up so quick, they're going to sign up, let's say James at Mi.com.
OK, that I say enter.
So everything went well because I was able to go home, that's really good.
If you go back to our console refresh, we should see that new user that we have added.
And there you go, there's James added, It's wonderful.
This is really good news, in fact, I think Logcat should have a few things here as well.
Well, maybe not.
Let's see if b it's OK.
I think Lockhart is asleep, but it's OK.
We know that everything worked fine because we can see that James was added, and most importantly,
we were able to take the user to the correct screen.
So at this point, there are a few things we need to do.
First, when we create a user, we are going to have to create a user in a different place.
What I mean by that is is follow if we go back to our console.
We see that, of course, we have these authentication.
So we have our users here for authentication.
However, we want to be able to move some of this user, at least some part of this users, and add
some other metadata, some other information to these users if we wish to do so.
We want to move that to our Firebase 05 store database here, which means we're going to have a user's
collection here and we can add that user that was just added or it was just authenticated into our collection
here.
Our database, because here is different.
From here, and this will become more apparent later, because then what do we want to do is for each
user that we add here.
Like I said, we can add more metadata, more information about this user.
But most importantly, we're going to be able to add, for instance, the last name for one, you do
so the profession, whatever else we want.
But most importantly, we want to be able to add this connection between the user and the books that
they have.
And we are only able to do so if we have the users attached to our database as well.
So that is the fact process, so that's what are we going to be doing next, which is as users are created
or authenticated?
Right?
In this case, we want to also right away do something else.
We want to create a function.
Right.
Great function there.
You know, if you model that will create or add into our users database here, that user that we're
just now created.
OK, so that's what we will do next.